This project is the thesis of my engineering education at The Royal Institute of Technology (KTH).
My name is Eric Hugo Didrik Gauffin Wohlfarth. But call me Didi. My mother is working at a chief position at Karolinska University Hospital. My father is the CTO of KTH. My sister is an artist and sound and video technician specializing in events and art exhibits. My brother is just finishing his Bio-technological Engineering Master's thesis at KTH. I have many friends all over the world. I have two home nodes so far, one in Tokyo and the other in Stockholm. These two nodes form the basis of the network. The origin is in Stockholm. And a good node in Australia and in the Americas and rest of the world too (I hope).

Perhaps you did not quite understand my language. A node is a point in a network. And in this case we are talking about my social network.

I am a software developer, technologist, visionary, non-violent, non-controlling, peaceful revolutionary and friend. Made with Love in Stockholm and Tokyo. With psychadelic parents in another world. You see I live in two worlds. One where I'm an alien here in your world. And another where I am a human just like you. I live in another world too where I'm a wizard! Haha no just kidding. I', crazy but not that bat shit.

When taking psychadelics (or weed for some people). You come inside the psychadelic world. In this world everything is possible if it comes from love. And all the bad stuff comes from the world of non-revolutionaries. That doesn't mean there is not good made in those worlds by those people too. It's just that I mean something else when I say psychadelic. It doesn't mean drugs. It means experiences where you develop and grow. And you can do it in many ways. Through practice, meditation, etc.

So, naturally we think that we are better than you. Luckily this is not true. There are many kids and adults that try psychadelics for the first time everyday. These people are better too. But the others well they need a psychadelic trip without drugs. This is of course possible as well. But only if you want to. For example by thinking of learning and being in the now. Just doing these two things, and sleeping and eating and all the other stuff that you as a person really need to do in life. Listening to others and the world. Feeling. Being blissful and calm in your mind.

So being in the psychadelic world, wheter you call it learning and peacefulness of the mind or meditation or being in love or any other good thing there is in life, is absolutely necessary for living a good life, develop as a person or being at peace with oneself and everyone and everything around them. This is absolutely necessary for living a happy life. For living honestly. For living true. For living according to one's true and honest character. One's personality. Most people are as far as we know good. [källa behövs?]
So if this is the case we should have no trouble organizing all the good people to help all the bad people not be bad. And the kids to be good. And yourself to be good. And happy.

So yes we have money, love, we are not afraid to die of a virus if it means we can live a real life until then, time is on our side, (Jack Garrat), big names, tiny horses=?, all the computing power we need. All the psychadelic drugs we need. We take care of ourselves and our bodies. And as much as we need to have fun. We.

We are taking this country and the world wheter you like it or not! And the best part is you can still do whatever you like to do. As long as it doesn't hurt people. As long as it's not controlling people against their will. As long as the only authority is our own.

And if you still want to be or vote for a politician to be a politician in a political system. Fucking go for it aunt Magda. I'm sure The rest of the Beatles will sing for you at the next Woodstock. It's a kind of Burning Man evolution. It's Called OpenSociety. You can also write like this open society. Society. Or Whatever you want. That is the whole point. Finally we can do and say whatever we want as long as it doesn't hurt other people. And emotional damage is not real hurt. Grow up and learn the lesson. We are here to help you Social Justice Warriors. We are love. Don't be gay. Of course be gay. But Maaaaybe.. Don't be. Around me. No I absolutely love gays. And everyone. And everything. Except babies. haha just kidding. Again, I'm actually not a psycho. I think.. ? Well let me know if I am because as they say, you have to have a tad bit crazy if you want to be a genius and thinking outside the box.

Anyway please join. And help me with this if you like the idea. I really need all the good people to pitch in and do as much as you want. Or just watch and have a good time. Or do whatever you want. I really don't mind. Feel alright. Feeling it good.

Ok, so.. the first step is to write protocols. And develop the communication and interaction network. Conflict resolution protocol. Solution protocol. Go deep and protocol away in any direction in a tree like structure you want. This is the seed. ][Skapa SEED repo]

This is an open source, decentralized and centralized, community built, donation(old tounge: "tax", buddhist?: "dana") funded organization. We will establish nodes in every country and our community network will span all of earth and then further. Space X, NASA, and other organizations, and many good people, will take us to Mars and beyond.

Protocols and standards and whatever we need (good words) will replace laws and rules (bad words). Anyway this is what I think is good right now in my life. ALl the stuff about a non-violent peaceful revolution and what not. So yes. We are doing this. And I hope that's that with my degree. Hope my supervising professor is a cool guy that understands how change work. And hope I get my degree. With some nice words attached to it that I can use to get a good job in the new system. The system we'll all love. This system we build. The people. The good people. And let the bad be good. And they will be. Let go of control. The police will be good and use jūjutsu. Not just martial art but all art will become in the center of the world again. As it has been in history. Art, wheter it's science, art, practice, sports, martial art, conflict solving, design, anything you can become good at. Art is most important thing to spend the time doing. Art as in meditation, buddhism, religion, whatever. Allow tools to explore these arts, such as drugs. Psychonautics is a real art. Rolling joints is also a real art. Being a Changa Wizard is a real art too. My recommendation. Explore what is within you. Use tools such as meditation. Yoga and Philosophy. Science. Practice and Learning. Sports. Technology. Art.

Love your neighbour. That means everyone. Love everyone. This does not mean you need to do anything you don't want. Just be nice and kind to people. Try to help as much as you can. And if you can't help then don't hurt other people. Especially do not hurt people who are weaker than you or in a position where they cannot defend themselves.

So that's it for now in terms of Protocol #2?.

Oh yeah, almost forgot. The festival will be an ongoing thing. It will just simply be poeple that have the time and money to do whatever the fuck they want. It's gonna be awesome. But an organization nightmare. So I really need this organized before this starts getting traction. That's why I'm writing this in the shadows. Only developers will read this. I trust you guys to open source the shit out of this project. Fuck yeah that felt good. We are legion. We are brothers and sisters and attack helicopters. We do not forget. But we actually do forgive. When we get to do whatever the fuck we want first that is non-violent and won't cause permanent damage or whatever. That's the party that we're gonna have while doing it. It's the biggest hackaton in history. And music festival. Society. Community. Social network. Join or Zuck.



[Where?]
As an example something like telepathically communicating with your computer or phone is possible. This means if you leave home and lock the door and forget to bring your phone, you can still take calls and messages. Convenient. And change the channel on the TV with your mind. And we can also extend your mind with a small computer. Then you will feel upgraded in terms of what you can do. We will only become as much cyborgs as we wish. If you do not want to be a cyborg you won't have to and no-one will blame you. You will be let to live anyway you see fit as long as you do try to control or hurt other people.

This could actually probably even be enforced with non-violent sleep arrow repelling blow pipes in space. Or something similiar that just stuns people if they try to do bad. Talk to the military they probably have a project for this. Also reinstate the First Earth Battalion. A non-violent peacecorp and defenders. New word for police will probably be something like Heroes. Or Avengers lol.


TODO:
EVENTS:
Olympics, Burning Man, Woodstock, Protect and Heal Corona Scared People Project.

Create repos for everything. Websites. Servers. Seeders, Supporters, Support, Communication Network,. WEB3 and decentralized or centralized where applicable.

Cryptocurrency/smart contract with donation(tax) project coordination. Organize the companies and employees to keep data and set up communications and collaborations with companies and orgazations. Seek funds actively. Start recruiting. In all different areas of society. Build. Take care of each other. Help each other.

Oh yeah, fork the seeds. And continue from there or the opensociety one. If you want to work on the organization that governs. Without authority.

@ github/gitlab/bitbucket:
justabeing/seed
justabeing/opensociety

Kan bara tänka mig om någon hittar det här dokumentet och det blir ett stort jippo av att de upptäcker att en psykiskt sjuk alien man sitter och skriker på hjälp från världen och människorna genom att utveckla något. Skulle vilja läsa den artikeln. Kan tänka mig att det finns dom som börjar tro att min morfar är Satoshi Nakamoto också. Hahaha galna männsikor är så kul. Ta hand om dem. Ta hand om er själva. Vi kan alla göra gott.
(TRANSLATE THIS)
