24-06-2020 4:20 pm
Our goal was to create a smart contract to replace both the government and the tax authorities. A contract that could enable people to vote and express their political opinion in an easy to use user interface on the internet or on their smart phones.

These contracts would go on to revolutionize society and eventually replace the authoritarian system along with all the horridly inefficient beraucracy and legal resource nightmares for companies and startups. A contract that would forever change the way we do business with each other. A trustless technology that ironically would allow us to finally trust each other. A contract that would allow us to feel love again at last.

In this journal I will tell you how we did it. What challenges we met and all the stories of adventure and fun we had along the way.


As a gonzo journalist there is no bigger inspiration than Hunter S. Thompson. He is my guide, my hero, and a broken ideal just like every other one. The fact that he killed himself at the age of 67 doesn't even bother me that much. It's that he couldn't resist living up to the expectations of people and never truly became comfortable with himself. Perhaps the only exception being when he sat there in front of his red IBM Selectric with the single word "counselor" in his home in Woody Creek. The only time he could truly speak his mind with someone that would just fucking listen. Let's be more like this heroic fucking typewriter that endured more than most, being held hostage and gunned down in cold blood out there in the snow.

So this brings us to the first stage:

1. Operation - Just Listen Fuckwits.
You are not qualified to speak unless you have first truly listened. And I'm not talking about waiting to speak. I'm talking about being inside another person. I'm talking cumming with their dick and exploding inside their vagina with your mind. That's listening. And you have never done it before. But that is about to change.

People that are talking about telepathy are not wrong. But they are stupid. How the fuck do you expect someone to believe in something that they have never seen, heard or even felt in the slightest all their lives. It is truly crazy to keep doing something in a certain way over and over and expect a different result. Whatever changes, something will have to. And either it's you or the world around you. And people don't change unless someone listens to their soul. Unless they can unload that ungodly sticky mess of existential dread into someone, they will never change. This is what these fuckwit men are trying to do to you everyday. But seldom with you.

So back to HST, I believe this was his problem. And we could have saved him if we would just have dropped our expectations of who he is for one moment and just fucking listen to his being. Just seeing, hearing, feeling, smelling, tasting and living, just for a moment, that horrid feeling inside this terribly tormented man.

So just to be clear; Real telepathy is listening.

He is gone, and he hung on for a good while. So let's not cry over spilled milk. But instead let's meditate on the now. On the children and all our friends and partners in crime that are here now. Let's start here. Let's start to listen to them.

When we have counselled each other we can finally move on to all the other fucking degenerates. The outcasts and hermits. The castless and trustless. The criminals. The doomed and the damned. They can all be saved one way or another.

2. Stage 2 - The Contract
When you are ready and of age you will go into contract with the rest of society. In this system you choose the terms and conditions you want to live by. Then it is up to the people to either approve or disapprove of your terms. This will continue until you have come to agreement with the people in your vicinity/the people concerned about you. Then you will live your life according to your contract and if you want to make changes to it the same process of approval is due. In the contract you will also specify where your "tax" money will go and there is an agreed upon system of how often you or the budget can change. If there is no reason for a tax money budget change, then there is no need for approval from this enitity.

You will be able to use the resources you need, from the enitities you support with your tax money, in agreement with your contract. Therefore although transactions are recorded on the blockchain as receipts, there is no need for any token money to change hands in the real world. All your transactions in society are transparent and tracable and therefore there is no need to declare taxes when using this system. However if there is need for clandestine or secret transactions for some reason according to your contract, then this shall be facilitated with the use of a decentralized record that cannot be traced back to you. Identity and data are not tied together. But you hold the key to prove your ownership of transactions if needed. If your key is lost or stolen then you can report this event on chain. Create a new key and contract.